Hello today is April 4 and we
as usual there are interesting news
which we just have to tell you
so microsoft finally decided dispute rained
about skydrive disney closes
the legendary twitter development studio
and facebook tightly tackled the platform
android and now more
skydrive is a cloud application for
data storage and work with them
updated to version 3.0 and becomes
newly available to
ah uoz new version of skydrive received
support iphone 5 ipad mini more
Now you can download and read applications
for ipad retina
update introduced new items
design and improved save options
information we remind earlier skydrive
removed from the appstore
due to disagreements between microsoft and
apple about internal transactions
skydrive yablochniki claim them
part as a result of the company decided this
the dispute is unknown however the application
back in old you can download it
right now
yesterday twitter client update
for android version 4.0 and but brings
major changes in the first place was much
redesigned GUI now
he has become more comfortable and nice looking
secondly install the application
the link that your friends sent you
You can directly from twitter to the same now
it is more convenient to start a dialogue with someone
using his name and hashtags new version
twitter is available on playstore
fly the company disney closed
famous video game development studio
lukas arts that was the game
division lukasfilm spring and which
as it is known recently acquired lukasfilm
consider it better to license projects
for third-party developers than
engage in the internal production of games
it is unclear what fate awaits projects
star wars 1313 and star wars fast as all
which engaged formed
studio in the gum and about this silent
like fish
Facebook promises to show your new home
on android most likely company brand
Zuckerberg will present a modified
android version with deep integration
social network services operating itself
system as a hardware platform
most likely the smartphone will be used
htc with which facebook started
cooperation within the project
social smartphone no details
not yet disclosed official
presentation of the mysterious device
happen today watch out for
announcement on 3dnews.ru
but for now we all read more good
news and eat vegetables and fruits to
overcome spring avitaminosis
good luck